# Sudoku

> A Vue.js project

## Build Setup

``` bash
# install dependencies
npm install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
npm run dev

# build for production with minification
npm run build
```
## Project details

This sudoku project was developed to demonstrate the knowledge and usage of Vue.js features. 

The following is a breif description of the project outline: 
- External Javascript library (the "sudokuJS.js" file) was imported to extract the needed methods and integrate them into the Vue.js functional environment. Credits for the library: [GitHub link can be found here] (https://github.com/pocketjoso/sudokuJS/blob/master/sudokuJS.js)
- To get the most of the Vue.js features and reusability multiple comonents have been created: Header, Board
- The algorithm implemented in the main component App.vue, calls the functions from the library and does the following: 

  1. Checks whether a single edited board input was correct and notifies user about the incorrect decisions by highlighting the board cells with red color. 
  2. The other important function that has been written is the setEditable() function, that loops through all of the cells that get generated by the library and checks whether they were initially set by the system (library) or were set by user. In case if the cells were initially empty, they remain editable and are ineditable if otherwise (if genereated by the system). The function is written within the Header component and therefore can be called from anywhere in the project using the Vue.js syntax: 
 ```
  setEditable: function(){
      $('#sudoku input').each(function(){
        if(this.value!='')
        {
          $(this).prop("readonly", true);
        }
      });
    },
```
  3. The same component also has a method called resetBoard, that resets the colors and the attributes of the cells to default.
  4. Header declared methods, such as setBoardEasy(), setBoardMedium() and etc. call the appopriate methods from the library to generate new board with an appropriate difficulty level. 
  5. User can click the Back button to return to the main/initial view and choose to start over or click the github icon to view the source code of the project. 

